不戴套會懷孕嗎？:會
男生可以生小孩嗎？:還不行
什麼是糖尿病？:糖尿病是一種慢性代謝性疾病，是體內胰島素製造不足或是細胞對胰島素反應不靈敏，造成血液中葡萄糖沒辦法進到細胞被利用，糖份留在血液裡，造成高血糖的狀況。
什麼是第一型/第二型糖尿病，會遺傳嗎？:第一型糖尿病是由於自體免疫系統異常，造成胰島素分泌缺乏，通常在30歲以前被診斷出來，遺傳是是危險因子之一(爸爸或媽媽有第一型糖尿病，小孩也有的機率是2-6%)，但並不是主要因素。 第二型糖尿病是由於身體出現胰島素抗性或是胰島素相對缺乏，造成高血糖的狀況，通常在30歲後被診斷出來，但在任何年齡都有可能發生，與體重過重或肥胖、有糖尿病家族史有關。 除了第一、二型糖尿病外，還有姙娠糖尿病以及其他由疾病或治療引起之糖尿病類型。
糖尿病有沒有辦法根治？:糖尿病是一種慢性疾病，與感冒不同，無法根治、也不會痊癒，但可以透過藥物治療並搭配飲食控制與運動減重，讓胰島素功能惡化的速度減慢，減少併發症的發生，此外要注意的是，血糖控制正常後不可以任意停藥。
糖尿病藥會不會傷肝腎？:答案是不會唷！每種血糖藥在身體的路徑略有不同，有些有經過肝臟代謝、有些會經由腎臟形成尿液後排出，但並不會造成肝臟或腎臟的損傷。而用藥前之所以要檢查肝腎功能，是因為藥物在身體作用後，要排出體外必須仰賴肝臟的代謝及腎臟的排泄，因此如果肝腎功能不好、藥物劑量沒有調整，就可能造成藥物在體內蓄積、持續發揮作用，造成低血糖的風險。
用胰島素治療是不是表示我的糖尿病比較嚴重或已經末期了？:糖尿病的治療藥物大致上可以簡單分為胰島素及非胰島素兩大類，從確診糖尿病開始，這兩大類藥物都可以是治療的選擇。在第一型糖尿病患者身上，由於胰島素缺乏，因此胰島素的治療是必須的；第二型糖尿病患者亦可直接使用胰島素治療，但由於多數人對於注射針劑感到害怕，以及口服藥品外出攜帶較方便等原因，往往會先從口服藥物開始治療，因此胰島素的使用並非表示疾病末期。
打胰島素會不會洗腎？:從過去到現在都還是有不少打胰島素會洗腎的流傳，但這是錯的！錯的！錯的！ 我們的胰臟本身就會分泌胰島素，幫助我們血液中的葡萄糖進入細胞內產生能量，並調控血糖維持在適當的濃度，由此可見胰島素對我們的重要性！而糖尿病病友施打的胰島素，在結構上也有95%以上與我們身體本身分泌的胰島素相似。 胰島素本身並不會造成洗腎，會導致洗腎，是因為糖尿病病友長期的血糖控制差，造成腎臟功能逐漸惡化，最終必須走向洗腎這條路。
吃metformin 腸胃不適該怎麼處理？:Metformin(雙胍類)有刺激腸胃的副作用，因此在服藥期間可能會造成腸胃不適。建議隨餐或是飯後服用，肚子裡有食物的情況下可以減緩腸胃不舒服的副作用。通常連續服用一段時間後症狀就會消失，但若出現嚴重的腹瀉、嘔吐等情況，請告知醫師或諮詢藥師。
打GLP-1腸胃不適該怎麼處理？:GLP-1類似物具有促進胰島素分泌、抑制升糖素分泌、增加飽足感、抑制食慾的效果，開始注射此類藥物時常會有胃腸道不適的狀況，如：噁心、嘔吐、腹瀉，但多數在使用一週後症狀會有所改善，建議可以少量多餐、有飽足感不再進食等方式輔助降低不適感，但若症狀持續且嚴重，請告知醫師或諮詢藥師。
藥吃的多是不是代表病情比較嚴重？:第二型糖尿病病友在血糖的代謝上可能同時伴隨多種失調，往往只單靠一種藥物的控制不夠，合併多種藥物，可以多管齊下達到控制血糖的目標。單一藥物就算加到最大劑量，能降低的血糖數值也有限，因此若血糖控制不佳，一定會考慮加藥，但並不表示您的病情較嚴重，而是依據您的狀況選擇適合您的用藥。 千萬別因為加藥感到害怕而擅自停藥，糖尿病的治療首重血糖的控制、以降低相關併發症的發生，若能搭配飲食控制、運動，將血糖控制在良好的範圍，仍是有機會減少藥物的唷！
如果要出去玩或出國，胰島素該怎麼攜帶保存？:一般而言，未開封的胰島素須放置在冰箱冷藏(2-8°C)保存，可保存至藥品包裝上列印之有效期限。而開封後之胰島素可置於室溫環境儲存4週，亦可放回冰箱冷藏，使用前記得等胰島素回復至室溫在施打，避免低溫注射引起刺激、疼痛。 如果要出門旅行，胰島素記得要隨身攜帶，若是搭車旅行，請勿放置在車內；若是長途的飛行，避免放置在行李箱中，以確保胰島素不因溫度變化而變質；甚至可以自己準備冰袋以確保胰島素不會暴露在高溫環境。
飲食要怎麼控制？:糖尿病控制的主要目的就是讓血糖接近正常，以防止併發症的發生，除了藥物的輔助外，生活型態的改變也相當重要，包括了飲食的控制以及適度的運動。 糖尿病的飲食控制原則與一般人一樣「均衡飲食」，所有食物都可以吃，但要控制「份量」，與一般人相同遵循「少油、少糖、少鹽，多纖維」的飲食原則，初診斷患者可以自己紀錄飲食並配合自我血糖監測，從中得知每餐進食之食物種類及份量對血糖的影響，若在飲食份量分配或計算上有疑問，可向糖尿病衛教師或是營養師諮詢。
水果是不是只能挑不甜的吃?:許多糖尿病患者都覺得比較不甜的水果就不會影響血糖，可以放心大口大口的吃，不！這是錯誤的！ 水果的甜度是與品種及熟度有關，但不論吃起來甜不甜，「一份」水果都會提供「15克的醣」；「一份」就是指「一個拳頭大小」，所以病友們，其實所有的水果都能吃，而且水果中富含的纖維素還能幫助腸胃蠕動、促進排便順暢，別再因為害怕血糖升高不敢吃水果囉！但記得「份量」要控制，一日建議攝取兩份水果！
怎麼計算食物(碳水化合物)份量?:要控制好糖尿病，飲食的攝取是很重要的，實際上不只澱粉，像是蔬菜、奶類也都含有醣份喔！ 以下提供一些常見的飲食份量給大家作為參考，
不吃早餐，可以讓血糖控制較好嗎？:答案是錯！錯！錯！ 現代人生活忙碌，時常為了趕時間而跳過早餐，或是糖友們刻意不吃早餐希望讓血糖控制穩定，但這其實是不對的觀念喔！
總使痊癒, 這個病會不會復發?:有可能會
為什麼人類要睡覺？:因為睡覺很爽
一天要吃幾大卡？:2000
處男是一種病嗎？:是，是一種絕症
為什麼交不到女朋友？:你底子不夠，你不夠強
搭飛機為什麼耳朵會痛？:壓力改變
要怎麼獲得巨人之力？:目前來看，根據韓吉的話，「被變成巨人的人類只要吃下有句人話能力的人就能夠恢復人形，正確的說是從被吃掉的人身上獲得控制句人化的能力」，根據63話雷伊斯的揭露，巨人能力的繼承方法是先注射人工巨人化藥再吃掉之前的繼承者才能自由變身和繼承記憶。但是目前來看，因為艾倫血脈的原因，他無法繼承記憶，甚至連原有能力也無法盡全力發揮。而且漫畫裡有個地方交代了雷伊斯家族的一個特殊能力，即通過觸摸能力繼承者便可以獲得繼承者相關（關於事發地點）的記憶，這可能就是王族的血統優勢吧。
要怎麼獲得替身？:這個要問蔡子亮
阿茲海默患者會忘記自己得阿茲海默嗎？:會
同性戀是不是一種病？:不是
為甚麼大便叫做拉屎不是推屎？:問蔡子亮
不穿太空衣上太空會發生什麼事？:會死掉
為什麼要戴泳帽？:防止掉頭髮
為什麼要穿內褲？:衛生
如果不穿內褲，外褲會變成內褲嗎？:你可以這麼說
小番茄是一種水果嗎？:算是
who let the dogs out? :Baha Men
who is the richest person in the world? :Elon Musk
押金的上限？:兩個月的租金
台灣的地價稅？:根據公定地價
how many ounces in a cup? :8 ounces
how to screenshot on mac? :press and hold these three keys together: Shift, Command, and 3.
is mercury in retrograde? :Yes
Is shingles contagious? :A person with shingles can pass the varicella-zoster virus to anyone who isn't immune to chickenpox. This usually occurs through direct contact with the open sores of the shingles rash.
Is pluto a planet? : No
Is ariana grande married? : No
Can dogs eat bananas? :Yes, dogs can eat bananas.
Can dogs eat grapes? :No, dogs should never eat grapes.
Can dogs eat apples? :Apple slices make a delicious, healthy snack for your dog and can help keep your dog's teeth clean and their breath fresh. However, the core of the apple and the apple seeds especially can be harmful to dogs. 
Can apple seed kill you? :Well, apple seeds can indeed be poisonous, but it takes quite a few of them to kill you and only if they have been crushed.
Does green tea have caffeine? :An 8-ounce (230-ml) cup of green tea contains between 30 and 50 mg of caffeine.
Does rice have gluten? :All natural forms of rice — white, brown, or wild — are gluten-free.
are jellyfish immortal? :They shed their limbs, become a drifting blob and morph into polyps, twiggy growths that attach to rocks or plants. Gradually, the medusa buds off the polyp once again, rejuvenated. While a predator or an injury can kill T. dohrnii, old age does not. They are, effectively, immortal.
Are airpods waterproof? :AirPods are not waterproof. You can't go swimming with them. In fact, it's really not a great idea to wear them while taking a walk in the rain (unless you're under an umbrella, maybe) or while breaking a sweat at the gym.
Is there a spell to become a mermaid that actually works? :No
If i eat myself would i become twice as big or disappear completely? :You'll die.
Is fucking you clone considered incest or masturbation? : It is considered both incest and masturbation.
How to lower blood pressure? :Your first option should never be medications, unless it is an emergency situation. Lifestyle modification should come first such as reducing your sodium intake, losing weight, getting more exercise, limiting alcohol intake, reducing stress, meditating, and listening to some relaxing music. Don’t try to manage your blood pressure on your own.
What is keto? :The “Keto” Diet is short for ketogenic. The ketogenic diet is a low-carbohydrate, higher fat diet with fat consisting of as much as 90% of the caloric intake. Yes, you heard that correctly, after years of people recommending low fat diets, a high-fat diet is now being pushed. What’s the theory behind this? Well, depriving your body of carbohydrates is supposed to switch your body from relying on sugar from carbs for fuel to relying on ketone bodies that result when your liver burns fat that is stored in your body. Burning fat in theory sounds good. The relative simplicity of this explanation and the observation that people can lose weight in the short term from this diet has led to a business boom, with many pushing keto products like books, seminars, and foods.
How to get rid of hiccups? :Stick your finger up your ass.
How long does the flu last? :If you are wondering about how long you are contagious, you actually start becoming contagious one day before you even have symptoms. In fact, one third of people infected with the flu virus don’t ever develop symptoms. But they can still shed flu viruses like some people bedazzle. So that person whom you stood so close to for so long may have given you more than his or her number.
What causes hiccups? :It’s not completely clear what may cause temporary hiccups. It may be having too much stuff in your stomach such as food, air, or bacon. It may be sudden changes in temperature. It may be stress or excitement such as seeing Justin Bieber.
What causes kidney stones? :Kidney stones, otherwise known as renal lithiasis or nephrolithiasis if you want words harder to pronounce, form when some type of mineral or salt clusters together inside your kidneys. Stones can form when you have too much of certain mineral or salt or if you are not hydrated enough. Calcium oxalate or calcium phosphate stones can form when you get high doses of vitamin D, undergo bypass surgery, or have metabolic issues.
What is HPV? :The “human papilloma virus”, or HPV, is the most common sexually transmitted infection in the world. HPV is a highly contagious virus which affects the skin and moist membranes of the body such as the cervix, anus, mouth and throat
How to lower cholesterol? :You may not want to try the keto diet. Cutting your intake of saturated fats and trans-fats is an important step. So is increasing your intake of omega-3 fatty acids and fiber.you may not want to try the keto diet. Cutting your intake of saturated fats and trans-fats is an important step. So is increasing your intake of omega-3 fatty acids and fiber.
How long does alcohol stay in your system? :On average, you are probably able to metabolise about half-a-drink per hour. But the speed at which you break down alcohol depends on a whole lot of things.
Should I Go Gluten-Free? :Only if you have celiac disease, when gluten (a protein in grains) damages your small intestine. Experts no longer think gluten causes rashes, stomachaches, or weight gain in people without the disease. It can’t hurt to skip gluten-rich foods like cookies and white bread. But don’t ditch whole grains unless your doctor says to. They fill you up and are full of healthy nutrients.
Is a Daily Glass of Wine Healthy? :Not for everyone. Small amounts of alcohol may stave off heart disease, and lower the odds of stroke and diabetes, too. But heavy drinking ups your chances for liver and heart damage, plus breast, colon, and other cancers. If you don’t drink, don’t start. If you do, limit yourself to one drink a day if you’re a woman, or two if you’re a man.
Are Short Workouts Worth It? :Yes. Longer is better, but you can get by with quick bouts of activity when that’s all you have time for. The CDC suggests 150 minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic activity each week (like walking or biking at a medium-fast pace), plus two sessions of muscle-strengthening exercise. Several 10- minute bursts of exercise each day can get you to this goal and help keep you fit.
Is Tap Water Safe to Drink? :Yes
Sugar or High Fructose Corn Syrup? :High-fructose corn syrup, which does come from corn, gets a bad rap. But your body processes it almost the same way it does “table” or “regular” sugar, which is made from cane or beets. Your best bet is to go easy on both. High amounts of any added sugar can lead to weight gain and problems like high blood pressure, type 2 diabetes, and heart disease.
Do Vaccines Cause Autism Spectrum Disorder? :No. A 1998 study that claimed Autism Spectrum Disorder was caused by the measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine was based on faulty research and was later retracted. Meanwhile, several other more recent studies show vaccines have no connection at all to autism -- but they do lower kids’ risks of getting dangerous health conditions like whooping cough and polio.
Is Microwaved Food Unsafe? :Reheat those leftovers. Microwaves don’t make food “radioactive.” All your microwave does is make the water molecules in food move, which creates friction that heats it up. Microwaves do create a small magnetic field but a lot of work goes into making sure there’s not enough to cause problems. Just don’t use one with a damaged door.
Do Cell Phones Cause Brain Cancer? :It’s unlikely. Most research -- including a study of more than 420,000 people over 20 years -- says there’s no connection between brain tumors and cell phone use.  A more recent study, though, found a link between a specific type of brain tumor called a glioma and heavy cell phone use. If you’re worried, wear a headset, use the speaker, and limit your phone time.
Will vitamin D save my life? Should I really be taking four times the recommended daily dose? :A growing body of evidence strongly suggests that vitamin D in high doses not only helps keep bones strong but also reduces the risk of colon, ovarian, and breast cancers, and diseases such as diabetes and multiple sclerosis. And many of us don't get enough because of a lack of exposure to sunlight (the sun triggers D's production in the skin) or diets that omit good sources (fatty fish such as salmon, mackerel, and tuna, and fortified milk and cereal). While the official daily dose for people age 51 to 70 is 400 IUs, most experts agree that they should aim for 800 to 1,000 IUs of supplemental D a day. But if you're under 50 and you consume the recommended 200 IUs (the equivalent of two glasses of milk daily) and get 10 to 15 minutes of sun exposure—without sunscreen—a day, a 400 IU supplement should do you fine.
Is it okay to cleanse your body by fasting from time to time? :As long as you are in good health, a brief liquid fast or cleanse is fine. But don't expect wonders—other than a sense of personal accomplishment, perhaps: Any physiologist will tell you that properly functioning lungs, liver, kidneys, and intestines do a fantastic job of keeping your body free of impurities without the help of fasting. If you do pursue a fast, always make sure to drink enough fluids to avoid dehydration.
How long am I contagious when I have the flu or a cold? :As long as you have symptoms. Your ability to spread these viruses remains until the last sniffle, says Bill Schaffner, MD, a physician and infectious disease expert at Vanderbilt Medical Center in Nashville. And you're contagious 24 hours before you first show symptoms.
Skipping breakfast is the new diet trend. Good for me? :Bad for you. Breakfast is important for a number of reasons, and one of the big ones is fiber intake. A 2021 Journal of the American Board of Family Medicine study found that breakfast eaters who ate more than 25 grams of fiber a day had a 21 percent lower risk of all-causes death than breakfast skippers did. And a meta-analysis of studies showed that for every day of the week you skip breakfast, your risk of diabetes grows.
You mean vitamin pills are useless? :For someone in their 50s? There’s skepticism, with this exception: vitamin D. Vitamin D deficiency in older adults has been estimated at anywhere from 20 to 100 percent. Sunlight and food clearly aren’t enough to get many people to the 600-IU-per-day recommended minimum, so ask your doctor if D3 supplements may be a good idea for you.
Is there a secret to making sure I get great medical care? :Find great doctors you like and stick with them for life. Continuity of care is linked to fewer ER visits, better adherence to medication and longer life.
What else can I do for my bad back? :Plank exercises, Metzl advises. Lie facedown on a mat. Bend your elbows, and bring your hands together under your chin. Now lift your knees, hips and torso off the floor, so your weight is on your elbows and toes. Keep your back straight, and don’t let your belly or hips sag. Hold this position for as long as you can. Repeat twice.
Where' the bitches at? :The whorehouse your mother works in.
What can I do about the stress in my life? :Aggressively rethink how you react to daily dramas. A 2020 study showed that people experiencing “unbearable” stress lost nearly three years from their life expectancy. Always remember that stress isn’t a demanding boss, a struggling child or lousy daily news headlines; it’s your reaction to them. You have two choices: Remove the stressor, or learn how to react to it in a healthier way. 
A loved one and I are estranged because our values just don’t align. How do I reconnect? :Some 27 percent of American adults are estranged from a family member, according to a survey by Cornell University sociologist Karl Pillemer. Whether your rift was caused by politics, unresolved childhood baggage or something else, move toward healing by reaching out and saying, “My relationship with you is more important than the topic we are disagreeing on,” O’Rourke suggests. Mending your family feud will do more than resuscitate your relationship; it may make you healthier.
